Update documentation for tmpfs (#792)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/add-ons/configuration.md

| schema | dict | no | Schema for options value of the add-on. It can be `false` to disable schema validation and use custom options.
| image | string | no | For use with Docker Hub and other container registries.
| timeout | integer | no | Default 10 (seconds). The timeout to wait until the Docker daemon is done or will be killed.

> | tmpfs | bool | no | Is this True, the containers `/tmp` is using tmpfs, an memory file system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| tmpfs | bool | no | If this is True, the containers `/tmp` is using tmpfs. A memory file system.
```
